>Recitex is a Perl script to extract citation data (references and
in-text citations) from research papers. The script is written and
developed by Victor Lyapunov
(https://icmmg.nsc.ru/ru/content/employees/lyapunov-viktor-mihaylovich)
for the CitEcCyr project funded by RANEPA (http://www.ranepa.ru/eng/).

The input to recitex is JSON files produced from papers in PDF. We use
the pdf-stream-cli, https://github.com/citeccyr/pdf-stream-cli. It
written for the CitEcCyr project by Sergey Petrov,
https://github.com/mrauhu.

The invocation is, as in the script

recitex.pl - references and citation extraction
usage: recitex.pl [-Jjn] [-b spx_db_file] [-s spx_ip:port]
path/file[.json] [source_handle]
        -j -- dump source text extracted from json
        -J -- dump source text extracted from json, rearranged properly
        -n -- do not find citations, make reference list only
        -s -- Sphinx address:port,
        -b -- db file to convert Sph answer to handle, assoc. with the reference

The latter three options require some explanation. In an academic
paper, references to other papers appear usually at the end of the
paper. There, we find a description of the referenced paper. We can
parse that reference to find commonly used elements, typically the
title, the authors and year say.

Usually, the papers we scan for references are instances of papers we
find in a bibliographic collection. After scanning the references, we
can try to find the referenced paper in our collection. If we are
successful, we have a citation relationship between two citing and
cited papers.

To find referenced papers in out collection we use Sphinx search
(http://sphinxsearch.com/). This runs as a daemon. With -s, we give
the host and port where recitex can send the sphinx queries to. The
index has to be built externally. The sphinx search daemon has to be
up-and-running to conduct searches.

By default Sphinx DB is not used. It is looked up only if the user
correctly specifies the "translation" db file with '-b' option.

Sphinx db supplies the RePEc handles of the articles in the reference
list. Without Sphinx, handle= attributes are gone from the recitex
output.
